Update threat_intelligence.md (#26983)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/threat_intelligence.md

| [Spur](https://spur.us/) | residential_proxy | Proxies associated credential stuffing and fraud | AAP and Cloud SIEM |
| [Spur](https://spur.us/) | malware_proxy | Proxies associated with malware command and control | Cloud SIEM |
| [Abuse.ch](https://abuse.ch/) Malware Bazaar| malware | Malware on hosts | CWS |

> | [Minerstat](https://minerstat.com/mining-pool-whitelist.txt) | cryptomining | Coinminer activity with known mining pools| CWS and Cloud SIEM |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Minerstat](https://minerstat.com/mining-pool-whitelist.txt) | cryptomining | Coinminer activity with known mining pools| Workload Protection and Cloud SIEM |
```

| residential_proxy | suspicious | IP addresses | Reputation for credential stuffing and fraud | AAP and Cloud SIEM |
| botnet_proxy | suspicious | IP addresses | Reputation for being part of a botnet and contributing to distributed attacks | AAP and Cloud SIEM |
| malware | malicious | application library versions, file hashes | Malicious packages and communication with mining pools| CWS |
| scanner | suspicious | IP addresses | Reputation for scanners | AAP, CWS, and Cloud SIEM |
| hosting_proxy | suspicious | IP addresses | Datacenter IPs with a reputation of abuse, such as for distributed credential stuffing attacks | AAP and Cloud SIEM |

> | tor | suspicious | IP addresses  | Corporate policy violations for user activity | AAP, CWS, and Cloud SIEM |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tor | suspicious | IP addresses  | Corporate policy violations for user activity | App and API Protection, Workload Protection, and Cloud SIEM |
```
